Update ZAP installation description (#31825)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/BUILDING.md

## Installing ZAP tool

For platforms defined in [`scripts/setup/zap.json`](/scripts/setup/zap.json),
`bootstrap.sh` will download a compatible ZAP tool version and set it up in
`$PATH`. If you want to install or use a different version of the tool, you may
download one from the ZAP project's
[Releases](https://github.com/project-chip/zap/releases) page.

### Custom ZAP

The file `scripts/setup/zap.json` contains the version that CIPD would download,
so you can download a compatible version from the zap project
[Releases](https://github.com/project-chip/zap/releases). The version is also
maintained at [`scripts/setup/zap.version`](/scripts/setup/zap.version).

> To checkout as source code the corresponding tag should exist in the zap

Reviewer: it may be worth it to mention that zap releases are copied to CIPD by an automated bot and you can check if a release was copied by looking at tags created at https://chrome-infra-packages.appspot.com/p/fuchsia/third_party/zap  in various platforms.

Author: Thanks, I added this and also modified some of the other explanations. Please re-review to ensure correctness.

## Installing ZAP tool

For platforms defined in [`scripts/setup/zap.json`](/scripts/setup/zap.json),
`bootstrap.sh` will download a compatible ZAP tool version from CIPD and set it
up in `$PATH`.

ZAP releases are copied to CIPD by an automated bot. You can check if a release
was copied by looking at tags created at

> [here](https://chrome-infra-packages.appspot.com/p/fuchsia/third_party/zap) in

Reviewer 2: Please never use "here" as link text.  If you have no better idea, just use the whole URL.  But probably we can do better here.

various platforms.

### Custom ZAP

If you want to install or use a different version of the tool, you may download
one from the ZAP project's

> [Releases](https://github.com/project-chip/zap/releases) page or build it from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Releases page](https://github.com/project-chip/zap/releases) or build it from
```

source.

The file `scripts/setup/zap.json` contains the version that CIPD would download,
so you can refer to it to find a compatible version. The version is also
maintained at [`scripts/setup/zap.version`](/scripts/setup/zap.version).

> To checkout as source code, the corresponding tag should exist in the zap

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To check out as source code, the corresponding tag should exist in the zap
```

ENV ZAP_DEVELOPMENT_PATH=/opt/zap-${ZAP_VERSION}
```

> ### ZAP environment variables

Reviewer 2: This isn't right.  The important part is not environment variables; the important part is that this is how which ZAP is used is determined.  The env vars are the mechanism, not the goal.
